Fixes for catalog items 20220401 (#32)
patterninc/muffin_man: CHANGELOG.md

# 1.5.0

> - [#32](https://github.com/patterninc/muffin_man/pull/32)
> - Removes `keywords` variable requirement for v20220401 search_catalog_items as it is not required in v20220401. You'll need to pass `keywords` as a param rather than as an argument for the method

Reviewer: Maybe to make it a little more obvious when we release a version with breaking changes we call them out with something like:

```suggestion
## Breaking changes - 1. v20220401 search_catalog_items method signature updated

- [#32](https://github.com/patterninc/muffin_man/pull/32) Removes `keywords` argument requirement for v20220401 search_catalog_items as it is not required in v20220401. You'll need to pass `keywords` as a param rather than as an argument for the method
```
